# TelnyxCampaignCSP

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AgeGated** | Pointer to **bool** | Age gated content in campaign. | [optional] 
**AutoRenewal** | Pointer to **bool** | Campaign subscription auto-renewal status. | [optional] 
**BilledDate** | Pointer to **string** | Campaign recent billed date. | [optional] 
**BrandId** | **string** | Unique identifier assigned to the brand. | 
**BrandDisplayName** | Pointer to **interface{}** | Display or marketing name of the brand. | [optional] 
**CampaignId** | **string** | Unique identifier for a campaign. | 
**TcrBrandId** | Pointer to **string** | Unique identifier assigned to the brand by the registry. | [optional] 
**TcrCampaignId** | Pointer to **string** | Unique identifier assigned to the campaign by the registry. | [optional] 
**CreateDate** | Pointer to **string** | Unix timestamp when campaign was created. | [optional] 
**CspId** | **string** | Alphanumeric identifier of the CSP associated with this campaign. | 
**Description** | **string** | Summary description of this campaign. | 
**DirectLending** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**EmbeddedLink** | Pointer to **bool** | Does message generated by the campaign include URL link in SMS? | [optional] 
**EmbeddedPhone** | Pointer to **bool** | Does message generated by the campaign include phone number in SMS? | [optional] 
**HelpKeywords** | Pointer to **string** | Subscriber help keywords. Multiple keywords are comma separated without space. | [optional] 
**HelpMessage** | Pointer to **string** | Help message of the campaign. | [optional] 
**MessageFlow** | Pointer to **string** | Message flow description. | [optional] 
**Mock** | **bool** | Campaign created from mock brand. Mocked campaign cannot be shared with an upstream CNP. | 
**NextRenewalOrExpirationDate** | Pointer to **string** | When the campaign would be due for its next renew/bill date. | [optional] 
**NumberPool** | Pointer to **bool** | Does campaign utilize pool of phone numbers? | [optional] 
**OptinKeywords** | Pointer to **string** | Subscriber opt-in keywords. Multiple keywords are comma separated without space. | [optional] 
**OptinMessage** | Pointer to **string** | Subscriber opt-in message. | [optional] 
**OptoutKeywords** | Pointer to **string** | Subscriber opt-out keywords. Multiple keywords are comma separated without space. | [optional] 
**OptoutMessage** | Pointer to **string** | Subscriber opt-out message. | [optional] 
**ReferenceId** | Pointer to **string** | Caller supplied campaign reference ID. If supplied, the value must be unique across all submitted campaigns. Can be used to prevent duplicate campaign registrations. | [optional] 
**ResellerId** | Pointer to **string** | Alphanumeric identifier of the reseller that you want to associate with this campaign. | [optional] 
**Sample1** | Pointer to **string** | Message sample. Some campaign tiers require 1 or more message samples. | [optional] 
**Sample2** | Pointer to **string** | Message sample. Some campaign tiers require 2 or more message samples. | [optional] 
**Sample3** | Pointer to **string** | Message sample. Some campaign tiers require 3 or more message samples. | [optional] 
**Sample4** | Pointer to **string** | Message sample. Some campaign tiers require 4 or more message samples. | [optional] 
**Sample5** | Pointer to **string** | Message sample. Some campaign tiers require 5 or more message samples. | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to **string** | Current campaign status. Possible values: ACTIVE, EXPIRED. A newly created campaign defaults to ACTIVE status.  | [optional] 
**SubUsecases** | **[]string** | Campaign sub-usecases. Must be of defined valid sub-usecase types. Use &#x60;/registry/enum/usecase&#x60; operation to retrieve list of valid sub-usecases | 
**SubscriberHelp** | Pointer to **bool** | Does campaign responds to help keyword(s)? | [optional] 
**SubscriberOptin** | Pointer to **bool** | Does campaign require subscriber to opt-in before SMS is sent to subscriber? | [optional] 
**SubscriberOptout** | Pointer to **bool** | Does campaign support subscriber opt-out keyword(s)? | [optional] 
**TermsAndConditions** | **bool** | Is terms &amp; conditions accepted? | 
**Usecase** | **string** | Campaign usecase. Must be of defined valid types. Use &#x60;/registry/enum/usecase&#x60; operation to retrieve usecases available for given brand. | 
**Vertical** | Pointer to **string** | Business/industry segment of this campaign (Deprecated). Must be of defined valid types. Use &#x60;/registry/enum/vertical&#x60; operation to retrieve verticals available for given brand, vertical combination.  This field is deprecated. | [optional] 
**WebhookURL** | Pointer to **string** | Webhook to which campaign status updates are sent. | [optional] 
**WebhookFailoverURL** | Pointer to **string** | Failover webhook to which campaign status updates are sent. | [optional] 
**IsTMobileRegistered** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the campaign is registered with T-Mobile. | [optional] 
**IsTMobileSuspended** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the campaign is suspended with T-Mobile. | [optional] 
**IsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the campaign has a T-Mobile number pool ID associated with it. | [optional] 
**FailureReasons** | Pointer to **interface{}** | Failure reasons if campaign submission failed | [optional] 
**SubmissionStatus** | Pointer to **string** | Campaign submission status | [optional] 
**CampaignStatus** | Pointer to **string** | Campaign status | [optional] 
**PrivacyPolicyLink** | Pointer to **string** | Link to the campaign&#39;s privacy policy. | [optional] 
**TermsAndConditionsLink** | Pointer to **string** | Link to the campaign&#39;s terms and conditions. | [optional] 
**EmbeddedLinkSample** | Pointer to **string** | Sample of an embedded link that will be sent to subscribers. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewTelnyxCampaignCSP

`func NewTelnyxCampaignCSP(brandId string, campaignId string, cspId string, description string, mock bool, subUsecases []string, termsAndConditions bool, usecase string, ) *TelnyxCampaignCSP`

NewTelnyxCampaignCSP instantiates a new TelnyxCampaignCSP object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewTelnyxCampaignCSPWithDefaults

`func NewTelnyxCampaignCSPWithDefaults() *TelnyxCampaignCSP`

NewTelnyxCampaignCSPWithDefaults instantiates a new TelnyxCampaignCSP object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAgeGated

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetAgeGated() bool`

GetAgeGated returns the AgeGated field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAgeGatedOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetAgeGatedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAgeGatedOk returns a tuple with the AgeGated field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAgeGated

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetAgeGated(v bool)`

SetAgeGated sets AgeGated field to given value.

### HasAgeGated

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasAgeGated() bool`

HasAgeGated returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAutoRenewal

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetAutoRenewal() bool`

GetAutoRenewal returns the AutoRenewal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoRenewalOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetAutoRenewalOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAutoRenewalOk returns a tuple with the AutoRenewal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoRenewal

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetAutoRenewal(v bool)`

SetAutoRenewal sets AutoRenewal field to given value.

### HasAutoRenewal

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasAutoRenewal() bool`

HasAutoRenewal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBilledDate

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetBilledDate() string`

GetBilledDate returns the BilledDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBilledDateOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetBilledDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBilledDateOk returns a tuple with the BilledDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBilledDate

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetBilledDate(v string)`

SetBilledDate sets BilledDate field to given value.

### HasBilledDate

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasBilledDate() bool`

HasBilledDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBrandId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetBrandId() string`

GetBrandId returns the BrandId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBrandIdOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetBrandIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBrandIdOk returns a tuple with the BrandId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBrandId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetBrandId(v string)`

SetBrandId sets BrandId field to given value.


### GetBrandDisplayName

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetBrandDisplayName() interface{}`

GetBrandDisplayName returns the BrandDisplayName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBrandDisplayNameOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetBrandDisplayNameOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetBrandDisplayNameOk returns a tuple with the BrandDisplayName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBrandDisplayName

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetBrandDisplayName(v interface{})`

SetBrandDisplayName sets BrandDisplayName field to given value.

### HasBrandDisplayName

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasBrandDisplayName() bool`

HasBrandDisplayName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetBrandDisplayNameNil

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetBrandDisplayNameNil(b bool)`

 SetBrandDisplayNameNil sets the value for BrandDisplayName to be an explicit nil

### UnsetBrandDisplayName
`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) UnsetBrandDisplayName()`

UnsetBrandDisplayName ensures that no value is present for BrandDisplayName, not even an explicit nil
### GetCampaignId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetCampaignId() string`

GetCampaignId returns the CampaignId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCampaignIdOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetCampaignIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCampaignIdOk returns a tuple with the CampaignId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCampaignId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetCampaignId(v string)`

SetCampaignId sets CampaignId field to given value.


### GetTcrBrandId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetTcrBrandId() string`

GetTcrBrandId returns the TcrBrandId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTcrBrandIdOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetTcrBrandIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTcrBrandIdOk returns a tuple with the TcrBrandId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTcrBrandId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetTcrBrandId(v string)`

SetTcrBrandId sets TcrBrandId field to given value.

### HasTcrBrandId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasTcrBrandId() bool`

HasTcrBrandId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTcrCampaignId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetTcrCampaignId() string`

GetTcrCampaignId returns the TcrCampaignId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTcrCampaignIdOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetTcrCampaignIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTcrCampaignIdOk returns a tuple with the TcrCampaignId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTcrCampaignId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetTcrCampaignId(v string)`

SetTcrCampaignId sets TcrCampaignId field to given value.

### HasTcrCampaignId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasTcrCampaignId() bool`

HasTcrCampaignId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreateDate

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetCreateDate() string`

GetCreateDate returns the CreateDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreateDateOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetCreateDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreateDateOk returns a tuple with the CreateDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreateDate

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetCreateDate(v string)`

SetCreateDate sets CreateDate field to given value.

### HasCreateDate

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasCreateDate() bool`

HasCreateDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCspId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetCspId() string`

GetCspId returns the CspId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCspIdOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetCspIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCspIdOk returns a tuple with the CspId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCspId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetCspId(v string)`

SetCspId sets CspId field to given value.


### GetDescription

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.


### GetDirectLending

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetDirectLending() bool`

GetDirectLending returns the DirectLending field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDirectLendingOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetDirectLendingOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetDirectLendingOk returns a tuple with the DirectLending field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDirectLending

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetDirectLending(v bool)`

SetDirectLending sets DirectLending field to given value.

### HasDirectLending

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasDirectLending() bool`

HasDirectLending returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEmbeddedLink

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetEmbeddedLink() bool`

GetEmbeddedLink returns the EmbeddedLink field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmbeddedLinkOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetEmbeddedLinkOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEmbeddedLinkOk returns a tuple with the EmbeddedLink field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmbeddedLink

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetEmbeddedLink(v bool)`

SetEmbeddedLink sets EmbeddedLink field to given value.

### HasEmbeddedLink

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasEmbeddedLink() bool`

HasEmbeddedLink returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEmbeddedPhone

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetEmbeddedPhone() bool`

GetEmbeddedPhone returns the EmbeddedPhone field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmbeddedPhoneOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetEmbeddedPhoneOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEmbeddedPhoneOk returns a tuple with the EmbeddedPhone field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmbeddedPhone

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetEmbeddedPhone(v bool)`

SetEmbeddedPhone sets EmbeddedPhone field to given value.

### HasEmbeddedPhone

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasEmbeddedPhone() bool`

HasEmbeddedPhone returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHelpKeywords

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetHelpKeywords() string`

GetHelpKeywords returns the HelpKeywords field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHelpKeywordsOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetHelpKeywordsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHelpKeywordsOk returns a tuple with the HelpKeywords field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHelpKeywords

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetHelpKeywords(v string)`

SetHelpKeywords sets HelpKeywords field to given value.

### HasHelpKeywords

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasHelpKeywords() bool`

HasHelpKeywords returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHelpMessage

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetHelpMessage() string`

GetHelpMessage returns the HelpMessage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHelpMessageOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetHelpMessageOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHelpMessageOk returns a tuple with the HelpMessage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHelpMessage

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetHelpMessage(v string)`

SetHelpMessage sets HelpMessage field to given value.

### HasHelpMessage

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasHelpMessage() bool`

HasHelpMessage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMessageFlow

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetMessageFlow() string`

GetMessageFlow returns the MessageFlow field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMessageFlowOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetMessageFlowOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMessageFlowOk returns a tuple with the MessageFlow field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMessageFlow

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetMessageFlow(v string)`

SetMessageFlow sets MessageFlow field to given value.

### HasMessageFlow

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasMessageFlow() bool`

HasMessageFlow returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMock

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetMock() bool`

GetMock returns the Mock field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMockOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetMockOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetMockOk returns a tuple with the Mock field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMock

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetMock(v bool)`

SetMock sets Mock field to given value.


### GetNextRenewalOrExpirationDate

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetNextRenewalOrExpirationDate() string`

GetNextRenewalOrExpirationDate returns the NextRenewalOrExpirationDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNextRenewalOrExpirationDateOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetNextRenewalOrExpirationDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNextRenewalOrExpirationDateOk returns a tuple with the NextRenewalOrExpirationDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNextRenewalOrExpirationDate

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetNextRenewalOrExpirationDate(v string)`

SetNextRenewalOrExpirationDate sets NextRenewalOrExpirationDate field to given value.

### HasNextRenewalOrExpirationDate

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasNextRenewalOrExpirationDate() bool`

HasNextRenewalOrExpirationDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNumberPool

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetNumberPool() bool`

GetNumberPool returns the NumberPool field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNumberPoolOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetNumberPoolOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetNumberPoolOk returns a tuple with the NumberPool field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNumberPool

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetNumberPool(v bool)`

SetNumberPool sets NumberPool field to given value.

### HasNumberPool

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasNumberPool() bool`

HasNumberPool returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOptinKeywords

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetOptinKeywords() string`

GetOptinKeywords returns the OptinKeywords field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOptinKeywordsOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetOptinKeywordsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOptinKeywordsOk returns a tuple with the OptinKeywords field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOptinKeywords

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetOptinKeywords(v string)`

SetOptinKeywords sets OptinKeywords field to given value.

### HasOptinKeywords

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasOptinKeywords() bool`

HasOptinKeywords returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOptinMessage

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetOptinMessage() string`

GetOptinMessage returns the OptinMessage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOptinMessageOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetOptinMessageOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOptinMessageOk returns a tuple with the OptinMessage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOptinMessage

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetOptinMessage(v string)`

SetOptinMessage sets OptinMessage field to given value.

### HasOptinMessage

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasOptinMessage() bool`

HasOptinMessage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOptoutKeywords

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetOptoutKeywords() string`

GetOptoutKeywords returns the OptoutKeywords field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOptoutKeywordsOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetOptoutKeywordsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOptoutKeywordsOk returns a tuple with the OptoutKeywords field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOptoutKeywords

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetOptoutKeywords(v string)`

SetOptoutKeywords sets OptoutKeywords field to given value.

### HasOptoutKeywords

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasOptoutKeywords() bool`

HasOptoutKeywords returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOptoutMessage

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetOptoutMessage() string`

GetOptoutMessage returns the OptoutMessage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOptoutMessageOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetOptoutMessageOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOptoutMessageOk returns a tuple with the OptoutMessage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOptoutMessage

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetOptoutMessage(v string)`

SetOptoutMessage sets OptoutMessage field to given value.

### HasOptoutMessage

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasOptoutMessage() bool`

HasOptoutMessage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReferenceId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetReferenceId() string`

GetReferenceId returns the ReferenceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReferenceIdOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetReferenceIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReferenceIdOk returns a tuple with the ReferenceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReferenceId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetReferenceId(v string)`

SetReferenceId sets ReferenceId field to given value.

### HasReferenceId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasReferenceId() bool`

HasReferenceId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResellerId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetResellerId() string`

GetResellerId returns the ResellerId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResellerIdOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetResellerIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetResellerIdOk returns a tuple with the ResellerId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResellerId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetResellerId(v string)`

SetResellerId sets ResellerId field to given value.

### HasResellerId

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasResellerId() bool`

HasResellerId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSample1

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSample1() string`

GetSample1 returns the Sample1 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSample1Ok

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSample1Ok() (*string, bool)`

GetSample1Ok returns a tuple with the Sample1 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSample1

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetSample1(v string)`

SetSample1 sets Sample1 field to given value.

### HasSample1

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasSample1() bool`

HasSample1 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSample2

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSample2() string`

GetSample2 returns the Sample2 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSample2Ok

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSample2Ok() (*string, bool)`

GetSample2Ok returns a tuple with the Sample2 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSample2

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetSample2(v string)`

SetSample2 sets Sample2 field to given value.

### HasSample2

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasSample2() bool`

HasSample2 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSample3

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSample3() string`

GetSample3 returns the Sample3 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSample3Ok

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSample3Ok() (*string, bool)`

GetSample3Ok returns a tuple with the Sample3 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSample3

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetSample3(v string)`

SetSample3 sets Sample3 field to given value.

### HasSample3

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasSample3() bool`

HasSample3 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSample4

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSample4() string`

GetSample4 returns the Sample4 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSample4Ok

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSample4Ok() (*string, bool)`

GetSample4Ok returns a tuple with the Sample4 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSample4

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetSample4(v string)`

SetSample4 sets Sample4 field to given value.

### HasSample4

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasSample4() bool`

HasSample4 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSample5

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSample5() string`

GetSample5 returns the Sample5 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSample5Ok

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSample5Ok() (*string, bool)`

GetSample5Ok returns a tuple with the Sample5 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSample5

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetSample5(v string)`

SetSample5 sets Sample5 field to given value.

### HasSample5

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasSample5() bool`

HasSample5 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubUsecases

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSubUsecases() []string`

GetSubUsecases returns the SubUsecases field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubUsecasesOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSubUsecasesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetSubUsecasesOk returns a tuple with the SubUsecases field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubUsecases

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetSubUsecases(v []string)`

SetSubUsecases sets SubUsecases field to given value.


### GetSubscriberHelp

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSubscriberHelp() bool`

GetSubscriberHelp returns the SubscriberHelp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubscriberHelpOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSubscriberHelpOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSubscriberHelpOk returns a tuple with the SubscriberHelp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubscriberHelp

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetSubscriberHelp(v bool)`

SetSubscriberHelp sets SubscriberHelp field to given value.

### HasSubscriberHelp

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasSubscriberHelp() bool`

HasSubscriberHelp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubscriberOptin

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSubscriberOptin() bool`

GetSubscriberOptin returns the SubscriberOptin field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubscriberOptinOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSubscriberOptinOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSubscriberOptinOk returns a tuple with the SubscriberOptin field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubscriberOptin

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetSubscriberOptin(v bool)`

SetSubscriberOptin sets SubscriberOptin field to given value.

### HasSubscriberOptin

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasSubscriberOptin() bool`

HasSubscriberOptin returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubscriberOptout

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSubscriberOptout() bool`

GetSubscriberOptout returns the SubscriberOptout field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubscriberOptoutOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSubscriberOptoutOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSubscriberOptoutOk returns a tuple with the SubscriberOptout field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubscriberOptout

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetSubscriberOptout(v bool)`

SetSubscriberOptout sets SubscriberOptout field to given value.

### HasSubscriberOptout

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasSubscriberOptout() bool`

HasSubscriberOptout returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTermsAndConditions

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetTermsAndConditions() bool`

GetTermsAndConditions returns the TermsAndConditions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTermsAndConditionsOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetTermsAndConditionsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetTermsAndConditionsOk returns a tuple with the TermsAndConditions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTermsAndConditions

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetTermsAndConditions(v bool)`

SetTermsAndConditions sets TermsAndConditions field to given value.


### GetUsecase

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetUsecase() string`

GetUsecase returns the Usecase field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUsecaseOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetUsecaseOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUsecaseOk returns a tuple with the Usecase field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUsecase

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetUsecase(v string)`

SetUsecase sets Usecase field to given value.


### GetVertical

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetVertical() string`

GetVertical returns the Vertical field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVerticalOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetVerticalOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVerticalOk returns a tuple with the Vertical field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVertical

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetVertical(v string)`

SetVertical sets Vertical field to given value.

### HasVertical

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasVertical() bool`

HasVertical returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetWebhookURL

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetWebhookURL() string`

GetWebhookURL returns the WebhookURL field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWebhookURLOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetWebhookURLOk() (*string, bool)`

GetWebhookURLOk returns a tuple with the WebhookURL field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWebhookURL

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetWebhookURL(v string)`

SetWebhookURL sets WebhookURL field to given value.

### HasWebhookURL

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasWebhookURL() bool`

HasWebhookURL returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetWebhookFailoverURL

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetWebhookFailoverURL() string`

GetWebhookFailoverURL returns the WebhookFailoverURL field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWebhookFailoverURLOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetWebhookFailoverURLOk() (*string, bool)`

GetWebhookFailoverURLOk returns a tuple with the WebhookFailoverURL field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWebhookFailoverURL

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetWebhookFailoverURL(v string)`

SetWebhookFailoverURL sets WebhookFailoverURL field to given value.

### HasWebhookFailoverURL

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasWebhookFailoverURL() bool`

HasWebhookFailoverURL returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsTMobileRegistered

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetIsTMobileRegistered() bool`

GetIsTMobileRegistered returns the IsTMobileRegistered field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsTMobileRegisteredOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetIsTMobileRegisteredOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsTMobileRegisteredOk returns a tuple with the IsTMobileRegistered field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsTMobileRegistered

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetIsTMobileRegistered(v bool)`

SetIsTMobileRegistered sets IsTMobileRegistered field to given value.

### HasIsTMobileRegistered

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasIsTMobileRegistered() bool`

HasIsTMobileRegistered returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsTMobileSuspended

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetIsTMobileSuspended() bool`

GetIsTMobileSuspended returns the IsTMobileSuspended field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsTMobileSuspendedOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetIsTMobileSuspendedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsTMobileSuspendedOk returns a tuple with the IsTMobileSuspended field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsTMobileSuspended

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetIsTMobileSuspended(v bool)`

SetIsTMobileSuspended sets IsTMobileSuspended field to given value.

### HasIsTMobileSuspended

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasIsTMobileSuspended() bool`

HasIsTMobileSuspended returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled() bool`

GetIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled returns the IsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabledOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabledOk returns a tuple with the IsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled(v bool)`

SetIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled sets IsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled field to given value.

### HasIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled() bool`

HasIsTMobileNumberPoolingEnabled returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFailureReasons

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetFailureReasons() interface{}`

GetFailureReasons returns the FailureReasons field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFailureReasonsOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetFailureReasonsOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetFailureReasonsOk returns a tuple with the FailureReasons field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFailureReasons

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetFailureReasons(v interface{})`

SetFailureReasons sets FailureReasons field to given value.

### HasFailureReasons

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasFailureReasons() bool`

HasFailureReasons returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFailureReasonsNil

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetFailureReasonsNil(b bool)`

 SetFailureReasonsNil sets the value for FailureReasons to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFailureReasons
`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) UnsetFailureReasons()`

UnsetFailureReasons ensures that no value is present for FailureReasons, not even an explicit nil
### GetSubmissionStatus

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSubmissionStatus() string`

GetSubmissionStatus returns the SubmissionStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubmissionStatusOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetSubmissionStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSubmissionStatusOk returns a tuple with the SubmissionStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubmissionStatus

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetSubmissionStatus(v string)`

SetSubmissionStatus sets SubmissionStatus field to given value.

### HasSubmissionStatus

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasSubmissionStatus() bool`

HasSubmissionStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCampaignStatus

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetCampaignStatus() string`

GetCampaignStatus returns the CampaignStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCampaignStatusOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetCampaignStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCampaignStatusOk returns a tuple with the CampaignStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCampaignStatus

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetCampaignStatus(v string)`

SetCampaignStatus sets CampaignStatus field to given value.

### HasCampaignStatus

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasCampaignStatus() bool`

HasCampaignStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPrivacyPolicyLink

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetPrivacyPolicyLink() string`

GetPrivacyPolicyLink returns the PrivacyPolicyLink field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPrivacyPolicyLinkOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetPrivacyPolicyLinkOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPrivacyPolicyLinkOk returns a tuple with the PrivacyPolicyLink field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPrivacyPolicyLink

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetPrivacyPolicyLink(v string)`

SetPrivacyPolicyLink sets PrivacyPolicyLink field to given value.

### HasPrivacyPolicyLink

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasPrivacyPolicyLink() bool`

HasPrivacyPolicyLink returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTermsAndConditionsLink

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetTermsAndConditionsLink() string`

GetTermsAndConditionsLink returns the TermsAndConditionsLink field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTermsAndConditionsLinkOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetTermsAndConditionsLinkOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTermsAndConditionsLinkOk returns a tuple with the TermsAndConditionsLink field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTermsAndConditionsLink

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetTermsAndConditionsLink(v string)`

SetTermsAndConditionsLink sets TermsAndConditionsLink field to given value.

### HasTermsAndConditionsLink

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasTermsAndConditionsLink() bool`

HasTermsAndConditionsLink returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEmbeddedLinkSample

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetEmbeddedLinkSample() string`

GetEmbeddedLinkSample returns the EmbeddedLinkSample field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmbeddedLinkSampleOk

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) GetEmbeddedLinkSampleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEmbeddedLinkSampleOk returns a tuple with the EmbeddedLinkSample field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmbeddedLinkSample

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) SetEmbeddedLinkSample(v string)`

SetEmbeddedLinkSample sets EmbeddedLinkSample field to given value.

### HasEmbeddedLinkSample

`func (o *TelnyxCampaignCSP) HasEmbeddedLinkSample() bool`

HasEmbeddedLinkSample returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


